[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/technical-guides/planning-for-sending-and-receiving.md

-   **Transaction support** The ability to send and receive documents under the context of a distributed transaction coordinator (DTC) transaction. This functionality is required for maintaining ordered message delivery and to guarantee that documents are not duplicated or lost.

    > [!NOTE]

>     >  If you encounter problems with MSDTC, review the topic [Troubleshooting Problems with MSDTC](../core/troubleshooting-problems-with-msdtc.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If you encounter problems with MSDTC, review the topic [Troubleshooting Problems with MSDTC](../core/troubleshooting-problems-with-msdtc.md).
```

|TIBCO Enterprise Message Service|Enables exchange of XML and binary data format messages between BizTalk Server and a TIBCO EMS server providing a tightly integrated and reliable application infrastructure.|4.2|
|WebSphere MQ|Enables exchange of messages between BizTalk Server and IBM WebSphere MQ.|5.3 with Fix Pack 10 or later and 6.0 with Fix Pack 1.1 or later|

>  For more information about the LOB adapters available with BizTalk Server, see [Adapters included with BizTalk Server 2010](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=152664).

Reviewer: Link doesn't go to any useful content:

```suggestion
 For more information about the LOB adapters available with BizTalk Server, see [Available adapters in BizTalk Server](/biztalk/core/using-adapters).
```

## BizTalk Adapter Pack

>  Microsoft [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)] contains WCF-based adapters to provide connectivity to LOB applications such as Oracle Database, Oracle E-Business Suite, SAP, Siebel, and SQL Server. For a list of adapters available with [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)], see [BizTalk Adapter Pack](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=152665).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)] contains WCF-based adapters to provide connectivity to LOB applications such as Oracle Database, Oracle E-Business Suite, SAP, Siebel, and SQL Server. For more information and a list of adapters available with [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)], see the following resources:

- [BizTalk Adapter Pack overview](/biztalk/adapters-and-accelerators/biztalk-adapter-pack) 
- [BizTalk Adapter Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nsoftwarecom.nsoftwareBizTalkAdapters)

```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> >  You can use the [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)] Migration Tool to migrate BizTalk projects for LOB adapters to BizTalk projects for WCF-based LOB adapters available with the [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)]. You can download the [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)] Migration Tool from [BizTalk Adapter Pack Migration Tool](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=153328). To know more about migrating LOB adapters to WCF-based LOB adapters included with the [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)], see the [Microsoft BizTalk Adapter 2.0 Migration Whitepaper](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=158848).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To migrate BizTalk projects for LOB adapters to BizTalk projects for WCF-based LOB adapters available with the [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)], you can use the [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)] Migration Tool.
>
> To download the [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)] Migration Tool, go to the [GitHub repo for the Azure Integration Migrator BizTalk](https://github.com/Azure/aimbiztalk). 
> For more information about migrating LOB adapters to WCF-based LOB adapters included with the [!INCLUDE[adapterpacknoversion](../includes/adapterpacknoversion-md.md)], see the [Microsoft BizTalk Adapter 2.0 Migration Whitepaper](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=36510).
```
